to hate the janitor babies oh he made of
Jews to eat the one at the matey's -
hitter who gossip all duly okey-doke
attended the little gate at the stepper
motor coach imagine only but save nahi
Johnny
ha
my god little could you hear everything
Hey oh my god little such a dear sir did
you die
my god
which me
was it a
good
Cassie hey agouti can see my devotee man
Anessa don't settle Jane Julia
oh look of it a negotiable covered
anybody Polly on a junket Allah or
approaching ah
but nah he done
put your ear up a dick today
I'll make up
would you be the pick
such they said it took the hay
tick-tock
at all
tempt my budget bed as I did I saw your
chitta k200 Temasek I put your shadow
mine
jae-min our hair with a Jew Massa who he
married one who give me Rhonda Oracle
gennao Buzzy's Mejia
which means everything
make up a the particular Domino such
decided on
I'm sick bad
by
Geordi
look what you puto look what your mom
donated city of Judea la pocha bola not
good to Cola was cocky the young Jodie
some to meet her with a good eye
to me
because to me
Hey
you mean everything
rikiya me
enjoy